doc(RHTAPWATCH-1049): onboard app through the UI (#123)
konflux-ci/konflux-ci: docs/quay.md

Quay.io Configurations
===

# Configuring a Push Secret for the Build Pipeline

After the build-pipeline builds an image, it will try to push it to a container registry.
If using a registry that requires authentication, the namespace where the pipeline is
running should be configured with a push secret for the registry.

Tekton provides a way to inject push secrets into pipelines by attaching them to a
service account.

> The service account used for running the pipelines is the namespace's `default` service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service account used for running the pipelines is the namespace's `appstudio-pipeline` service
```

Author: alright
